Uncle, please save my mother
Get out of the way, your aunt said that if you don't save it, you won't save it.
Your mother gave birth to you out of wedlock
The family became the laughing stock of the whole city
Aunt, please save my mother
My mom is dying
Shut up, just your mother hooking up with that bastard Longjingmian
He deserves to die
Uncle, please save mom
Don't call me uncle, you bastard
Why are you crying?
Ye Fan's heart is not sorry to die
Just don't die in our hospital
Somebody drag this bitch out of here
What are you doing?
Ye Fanxin, the good man you chose
Longjing Tian disappeared for five years
Even if you give birth to a wild seed for him
Doesn't he know you didn't even show your face?
You are self-inflicted
Yueyue is not a wild species
Yueyue has a father
Dad called and said he would be back
Longjingtian
He's either dead or he doesn't want your mother
You are a wild child
You are talking nonsense
You are talking nonsense.
My dad won't abandon me and my mom yet
How dare you hit me? Stop hitting my daughter! Stop